Yep.
All right.
So today what we are planning to do was
come configure the event for B to C,
right, let's do that.
Let's go to the event.
Didn't, didn't we do that on Friday?
We've you configure the policy and so we
did that for dev, right.
So dev,
we changed from the default policy to the
partition policy.
So now we're gonna do devent.
OK, Yeah, I think we OK, let's see here.
OK, another type, I'm opening up the dev.
So I think the issue that there's a
couple of settings that are in the event
causing problems 1 is this 1 here or
maybe delete this?
I'll delete this setting.
So so now a search for B to C in other
settings.
That's only BDC setting that we've got.
I think this got copied from there,
so we need this setting for this to work.
To this button to work,
we need that setting,
so that's driven from that.
So we'll delete for now and we'll
configure the VTC from.
Does it normally take this long to delete
the setting?
Sometimes if you're using now devint it
will take time Where do you go?
But it's the first time then it will take
time otherwise.
Oh, what can you sync it?
Because one of the site setting we
deleted now, right?
Yeah.
Can you sync?
Oh, we are not able to sync it.
Let me try from my end.
On the site can you guys see it?
No I'm getting admin error same error not
able to login adeep are you there?
Yes, Tanuka,
I am here and give me a second.
You know what's happening here?
I just deleted the setting,
but seems like this code deleted.
The website has been changed.
Code deleted.
This is escort.
And what setting did you delete?
Sorry.
The we had a custom setting called
authentication something.
Yeah.
Authenticate.
Need to see authentication something.
Yeah.
OK, who is who is this tab setting?
Just just one setting you deleted?
Yeah, one setting, Yeah.
Let me have a look.
So we could restart the site and see if
after Pradeep investigating it,
you want me to restart or you guys
restarting?
Yeah, probably.
We can restart and see whether it's
fixing.
Yeah, because I won't be.
I won't be able to see anything.
OK.
Anyway, you did restart first.
Yeah, I think that that site disappeared.
Yeah.
The site itself, it's not there.
Even active site, inactive site,
it's not there.
I don't know.
It just disappeared.
You deleted the site, Dinuka.
I'm I'm scared to touch these settings.
Is it's OK?
They can restore it if it is.
There's no button to restart any No,
the site action Yeah, yeah,
restart the site.
If it doesn't work,
then we can get 30 minutes before and we
can restore it that package.
But was it working before?
Yeah, always working.
OK,
how do we know where the stream started?
Yes, go to the admin centre itself.
I can open from there.
There is a link for the portal admin
centre.
Just ask for portal,
click the link at this top here.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But I think the site is gone.
OK, So we can restore it then,
right Pradeep?
Yeah, we can, we can restore.
Go to the admin centre and and then site
action here.
Where is it?
Table maintenance, I think 3 dots.
Can you click the three dots?
Let me let me restore.
Oh, OK.
Yeah.
That's not you know, Yeah.
The because just in case he's not here
next week.
OK.
Yeah.
If anything gets done under his his
account.
Yeah.
I'm still here for another two weeks.
Then probably in the meantime,
we can focus on something else.
It will take time.
At least it'll take time, right?
Yeah.
Half, like half an hour.
Or is it taking long enough?
Half an hour.
Minutes into 30 minutes.
Do you have to notify anyone?
Yeah, we can.
You can just put a message,
Pradeep in this group.
Which will.
All right, Only this group.
No, no, no, no, no, DEVINT.
No one is using it.
No one is using DEVINT.
OK,
I just want to make sure before people
start making noise, OK?
Devint.
All right, so while we're waiting,
so who the next thing I wanted to get you
guys through is the the RMA sign up
implementation.
So I've got some of that working.
So let me share my screen back again.
So I have a branch called invite only in
in in code.
So if you pull down that branch,
so you see all the invite only.
So I'm I'm assuming that we're going to
go ahead with invite only.
I think we preset now that we go with
invite only.
So those changes are in the,
there's a branch called invite only
saying invite only have the the changes.
So I've kept the impacted individual ones
as it is.
I,
I haven't touched it because I don't know
how we're going to roll it out.
So if you roll it out in a sort of like
incremental way,
we'll so we have the option of keeping
impacted individual in there.
So you can see if you go to that.
So if you go to B to C and if you type
dev_So these are the all the policies
that we've got now.
So, so impact of individual other,
the impact individual related policies,
sign prefix II policies and all the
generic As for stuff in the As for
policies.
And now you can see there's As for sign
in & up.
So that's the invite only starting point.
And most of the logic for that invite
only is in this portal portal extension
policy.
You can see.
So you can run it now.
So I'm running the invite RMA 1.
So,
so that should have all the new styling
in it.
Can you would you be able to expand the
window that you're showing?
Because it is very small, actually.
OK,
maybe I'll Shim so I have the larger
screen.
I'll use my laptop.
OK Is it better now?
Yeah, this is OK.
Yeah.
So sign up.
So now we'll ask for ARN.
So depending on the ARN,
it will show the relevant sign up.
So let me go back in here.
So the way that would work is so as I
said,
so you can always start with the entry
point.
So in entry point there's a base policy
and base policy has a default user
journey.
So that that's the starting point.
So let's go to the base policy and the
user user journey.
Yeah, so this is the user journey.
So this same very similar to the Qi
policy have explained before.
So the first three steps in the user
journey are related to the blocking the
default DNS and the next one is getting
the query string parameter sign up on
this query string parameter which is we
still need for MA.
So I kept kept it as it is and then if
the query string parameter is sign up
flow then we show.
So I think this need to change a little
bit.
The I think I haven't that coalition
parameter flow.
I haven't edited.
Let me get back to it.
But if it is not coalition parameter flow,
the first step to show is ARM validation.
So once the ARN validation is successful
then the user will be redirected to the
relevant sign up flow.
So if you look at the ARN validation,
ARN verification.
So what ARN verification is?
So it's just asking for ARN and these are
coming from the API.
So then it will call call API to verify
they are in.
So the call API to verify will call
identity contact,
verify endpoint and passes the ARN and
the token to the API.
So if you go to the API,
now API is in the source folder,
so it caused the contact controller.
They go to the contract controller verify
right?
So it should be verified as the normal
thing.
It cheques whether the the API call B to
CS provided AARN and if there's ARN it it
verifies right.
So what it does is it gets the contact by
ARN.
So at the moment this is if you go and
contact by ARN,
it it queries the contacts table in
database and tries to match the ARN with
the contact ID field, right?
But this is not the right field.
So in the future you guys will implement
the proper ARN and you guys will have a
column for ARN, right?
So, so when that's ready,
this need to be changed to whatever that
column is to to match the ARN.
So that's a future change when when you
guys are ready.
So once the the contact is received,
so if the if there's no contact found,
then there will be error,
there's no matching record.
And if there is a contact then I'll check
with the the contact is already signed up
that the RN is already signed up.
So if he's already signed up the error as
well,
and the next thing to check whether is
what kind of role does the contact have,
right?
So I don't know whether this is going to
change as well.
So what it does is it cheques the
contacts web roles and it returns the set
of web roles, right?
So once the web role is returned,
so we we in in our app settings.
For example like we go to dev,
we store the the GUID of the GUID of the
role.
In in Azure.
Let me put in the dev keyword.
So there should be no it's actually not
stored in dev keyword.
It's it's stored in the conflict file of
the API.
So you can see for dev it's not showed in.
So if you go to devconfig.
So that's impacted individual role ID.
So,
So what it does is it gets the web roles
and check whether web role has this
contact has this role ID already assigned
to itself and then if it is yes then mark
the contact as impacted individual when
it returns to respond to B to CB to C
would know.
So if you want to have different
variations in the future so you could
extend extend this piece of code.
If in future,
if if Qi team is asking for different web
role ID,
they're asking after sign in different
role needs to be assigned,
then where we should go and update it?
Dev settings usually.
Yeah, so dev settings.
So the reason I mean,
I can move this back to Azure.
So you can see there's only configs for
dev and dev.
And because this,
because the environment is partition,
the keyboard is partition.
So if you're using the same,
if you're using the same keyboard for two
different environments,
so that the things that are changing are
moved into the config part.
But for other environments like test
environment, for example,
if you go test environment,
it's in the keyword.
So you can find it either in the config
or in the keyword.
So for example, if you go to test keyword,
that role IDs in here.
Yeah.
See you change it in here so you had a
new version.
Yep.
But the roll that is here.
All right,
So this is where you're reading in your
code.
You're coming here and reading the value
from here.
And yeah, yeah.
So it's so in.
net it's sort of hierarchical.
So it it will try to read it from here.
Yep.
If it respond,
it'll take the value from the keyword.
If it is not,
if the setting is not there in the
keyword,
then you'll fall back to the settings.
So that's what's happening in the dev.
So dev did not have that in the keyword.
It falls back to the value in the config
file.
OK, thatshowthe.net works.
So the production and all they do have
keyword, right?
So the value will be there.
Yeah, yeah, production.
The value will be there because
production is not shared.
So everything is coming from the keyboard.
So that's where there's no production app
settings here.
Yeah, production app settings for here.
So everything will come from keyboard.
So have you guys decided on the roles?
How the roles going to work?
So role is like when the EOI submitted is
for RMA.
So the role will be assigned when the
contact,
the invitation sent before invitation
itself,
the role will be assigned to the contract.
That's what my understanding so far.
But we need to confirm with Jamie again.
So the question is,
so there are web roles,
right And there are organisation roles,
right?
So where organisation roles will be?
So for my understanding,
we have contact and we have account,
right?
And there's a link between the contact
and the account, right?
Yeah, we have a middle table.
We are designing that, yeah, yeah.
And so the the the role will be in that,
for example, if you want to find out.
So I think,
so where I'm trying to go is I think Josh
mentioned that he wanted to do additional
code if the CEO is signing up additional
code, RTO code, I'm not aware of that.
No DNA, No,
you haven't been told about that then?
No, so far, no,
you guys were in that sign up meeting,
right.
So remember that there was 3 branches in
Abby's sign up floor, right?
So one was the impacting individual,
the other was the normal RTORTO and there
was a CEO is there were three.
I don't think that's still in discussion.
It's not finalised.
I think going forward it will be 1 sign
up kind of stuff.
So when the UI submitted,
ask or approve it and then the role will
be assigned the back end.
Yeah, when the invitation sent,
then when user logged it,
whoever is coming like admin or CEO,
both are going to share the same web role.
That's what Josh said.
And then that admin will take care of
other roles.
They we are designing your profiling page
so they can add a contact and the role
specific role to the contact.
That's the plan for example.
So there's admin role and there's CEO
role, right?
Both same, both same.
Now there is no admin specific role, OK,
Yeah.
So admin is like the role probably CEO
force under it, right.
Is there no CEO, admin both same.
There is no admin role at all now.
So CEO is going to be admin.
We are not creating any specific
convention is different than Oka CEO is
like as you said is the organisation role,
right.
As a contact CEO will have a web role
which will be named differently which is
not administrator role.
Yeah,
so it is delegate 3 level role or the
something like that.
I think there is a sheet.
Yeah.
So what what are the organisation roles
about?
What are the list of organisation roles?
There is I think the you and governing
persons are there so that those roles are
specific to the pages.
So not like a database side,
it's web role,
those are power pages side access level
rules.
So governing person only see these two
pages.
So PUC only dashboard something like that
we are designing it's nothing to do with
this data was side or only the portal
side, all other rules, organisation rules.
OK, yeah.
So anyway,
so the role is checked against web role
now.
So if you wanted to change,
if there's any requirement, yeah,
this is the place to modify.
So as I explained,
it reads the web roles table for the
contact and check whether the Rd matches
and sort of let BDC know whether this is
impacting individual, right.
So let's go back to here,
just one question.
Why did you say that we are maintaining
this role ID in app setting for dev
instead of keyboard?
Because it the the keyboard is
partitioned in dev between dev and dev
and dev and OK, So from my understanding,
the role ID remains same, right?
So it won't change from environment to
environment.
Yeah, yeah.
But I think I kept the IT can be moved
back to he would but but there are some
other settings in dev are different from
dev into dev environment.
For example the scope and the the base
URL they will be changed or kept the role
ID key as well.
But because since it's not changing you
can move it back to keyword if needed so
so you can see so this is what the API
returns.
API returns the contact ID, full name,
first name,
last name and is impacted individual,
right?
So if you look for the user job is
impacted individual.
Yeah, verification.
So you can see when signing up,
say if impacted individual,
if not impacted individual,
then do use the sign up.
If it is impacted individual,
then use the impacted individual sign up
to do you spread folks right.
So if you in case I don't know whether
you're going to have it,
you can sort of use the same pattern.
If you have like another flavour of sign
up,
then you check the role and return what
the role is is whatever, ECO, whatever.
And you can use the same method if it is.
So you can sort of have this conditional
sort of sign ups in in your user journey
to show differently for for example,
if you go to impacted individual sign up,
you have all this right?
So you have the date of birth,
you have the RN likewise.
But if you go back to,
I don't think I have the generic sign up
yet, but but I think it's a different one.
Yeah, it's,
it's just a vanilla one that it uses.
So if I go to for example,
if I go back to SO it uses the vanilla
one,
but I need to configure it properly to
use sort of like the Ascot sign up.
They have.
They are in.
Sign up, close the apps,
but then go to make all apps.
So if I go to contacts table, yeah.
So this one Binnuka 41,
it should not have impacted individual
row.
So if I use this contact ID,
so this link will open up when we click
on the invitation being sent.
Is it it'll it will redirect me to the
the page that you showed me previously,
the ARN page.
Yeah.
So it's not configured right.
So currently in dev 01 portal points to
the impact in individual sign in sign up
policy.
Yeah, yeah.
Was that your question?
No, I'm just asking.
So you are designing this sign up right
now for the RMA.
So when a when when a when a contact gets
the invitation and clicks on the link,
they should be displayed with this ARN
page so that they can enter.
And from then on they will be guided
towards the sign up process or the
initial sign up process.
I'm just asking when I click on the link,
will they be redirected to the ARM page?
So, So what will happen is in the email,
you will have a portal URL.
OK yeah.
From there they will click and then come
to.
OK yeah.
So so so this is the piece that we need
to work on, right?
OK, so so so in the.
In here, OK.
Yeah.
So in here, Yeah, we have sign in, right.
OK.
Does she have sign in here sign up?
So we have these questions, right?
OK.
Yeah.
So this is the sign up sort of from the
portal.
OK.
So in this case, yes, we don't need to So,
so if they're coming from email, yeah.
So this is this is what what you guys
need to figure out, right?
So if they're coming from the email,
that email will have linked to RTO
dashboard, for example, right?
Yeah, right.
So, so, so,
so you guys need to figure out a way that
when that page is hit, Yeah,
not to show this, right.
So there's no need to show because they
already have ARN, right?
They're coming from ARN.
They didn't they know that they need to
be redirected to RTO dashboard, right?
Yeah.
So instead of asking this you,
they should land here directly.
So so I think what you guys probably need
to do is that use that.
So there's sign button, sign in button,
right?
Yeah, yeah,
sign in button sort of have a sign in
Page in BTC, so not BTC in portal, right.
Yeah.
And use that sign in Page.
Sign up page have some sort of JavaScript
logic to figure out Yeah,
this is redirected from so there's a
referral.
So when when it's get redirected,
always the request have a referral header,
right.
So if that refer is header is there,
then don't show the sign in sign up this
this page here, right.
Don't show this page.
Yeah, just go directly to B to C OK,
So we have that option also the sign up
option also where the user can click on
sign up or they have an option to click
from the invitation link also.
Yeah, there will be a invitation email.
Yeah, for sure.
Right.
So that's how they're gonna get their
ring, right.
So, but we, we can get them here,
but there's a additional click for the
user to which they don't need to do,
right.
So maybe you guys can we have to discuss
on that.
I think the first thing, yeah,
you need to discuss on that.
But I,
I think are you guys already working on
this like how the navigation would work?
Not yet, yeah,
we haven't finalised on that yet, I think.
Yeah, OK.
But but you guys need to get familiarised
with how the navigation should work,
right?
How the navigation should work.
And for for different entry point,
the user experience could be different.
That's cool.
What else?
That That's pretty much the RMA stuff.
Yeah.
So I'll,
I'll what I'll do is I'll clean up.
So,
so this should not have first these these
columns.
Instead they what they should have is
just pretty much I think what should have
is just email address password, that's it.
I think let's make a change now.
Do you guys have some sort of experience?
So here so impacted individual.
We don't want to touch that.
So I have something called new user.
So I don't want the first name,
last name to be displayed when you use
this.
I'll take it off Password,
New password re entered is required.
Execute service input shows new user.
That's all required, yeah,
bearer token contact, that's all needed.
So if,
if I change this now and I need to use
that, right?
So, so in that user journey,
go back to user journey.
So this instead of using this,
they should use the new user.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to
compile this and I'm going to deploy the
policy and.
Once stick load,
so if I go back so every time you test
you come to the that policy so dev and
you can run now.
So sometimes BTC does caching.
So it's that's why always should go there
and start if I get the contact ID again.
Yeah, resource should the audio sign up.
So we've asked for the ARN.
So you verify email address,
password and then sign up.
So I'll,
I'll leave the RMA in this state working
reworking.
You can go all the way to complete sign
up and the modifications that you need to
do is change the API to use a different
field to validate the array here in the
verify method.
And then also if there any changes to
role design and make those role changes
here, then RMA should be ready.
Yep.
Is the site back?
Can we do not yet?
Not yet still and it's still, yeah,
in progress.
I don't think so.
It will be all right.
So meanwhile then let's have a look at
the 100 point ID check.
So there's another branch called Google.
So let's see what the changes find Google.
So there should be another policy, Yeah,
just want to do compare to Google.
So this is going back to that simulation
that you don't you guys wanted to have
right 400 point ID check yes RTO sign up
trying to recall myself what I what I've
done.
I know this identity proofing is the
policy.
So if I go to the dev,
there should be a policy called identity
proofing.
So let's try run this and see what
happens.
Yeah, you need to log in first.
So let's remind ourselves what 100 point
ID is.
Let me open up V-0.
100 point ID verification.
So you guys are familiar with this stuff,
right?
So you sign in or sign up,
you land on the portal.
I think So what we discussed in the UPI
planning is we're not going to make the
ID verification mandatory.
So they can so in stock days they should
land on the whatever the page that they
need to land on.
If it is a governing person and that
person will see some functionality,
they they should be able to execute some
functionality,
but some they won't be able to.
And according to what you guys mentioned
before, they in the profile,
there's there's a button, right?
Yeah, yeah.
So when that button is hit,
this flow is going to start, right.
So when when the that button is hit,
the portal need to redirect user to that
policy.
I was showing RND proofing policy.
So then RND proofing carries out so,
so I don't have this has standard digital
ID on BTC policy yet.
So instead so there's two options, right.
So one option is if,
if the user has standard digital ID,
good digital ID and if if they don't,
then there could be two,
two links pretty much with the question
at the top.
If you have a standard ID ID,
click on this,
then go redirect them to my ID.
If it is not, there's a secondary process.
So we we don't know what the secondary
service is yet, but yeah,
that's in the future.
And then so ID provider will ask for the
consent from the user and then has a
digital ID and save that information into
B to C,
save that information to database so B to
C can do that and then return back to
return back to the portal, right?
So, so instead of my ID,
what I've done is I've configured Google.
So you guys,
meantime we're getting the information to
integration information from Service
Australia.
We can continue to use Google.
So I think I have a user so I can
hopefully restore working.
So I log in.
Oh,
let me check whether that I've already is
so.
So all the other thing that you may
wanted to know is so if you log into the
ID, if you log into the B to C tenant,
so if you click on the users tab,
you can see all the users.
For example,
you can search by email address.
Yeah,
so it has multiple so I've only users.
So what this does is it adds the Google
as the secondary identification.
So if you go to the so you can click on
the users,
you can see the properties of the user
accounting B to C So this verification
then occur.
It's like when you log in with your
Google ID,
the prompt that we get it is something
like that.
Verify it as you or something,
and then you click on South and this will
authenticate.
Is it?
Yeah, OK, yeah.
So so AB to C will get the user to log in
with my ID, right.
So once it but when we asked them to log
in with my ID,
we we say to my ID let the user only
successfully log in if they have a
specific strength in their identity,
right.
So which is the standard strength?
Standard strength is 100 point ID checked.
OK,
if if they don't have standard strength,
then we go into that error flow.
OK, yeah.
So then they'll return error.
So what that means is they have sort of
ignored our advice here.
Even though they don't have standard,
they've continued so in the.
So we need to get them to redirect to
error.
Yeah,
error page and then advise them that you
don't have standard.
Either you upgrade your digital ID and
try again or use our secondary service.
OK,
so this error simulation you can't do
because Google doesn't have ID strength.
So I couldn't find a way to sort of
simulate this.
This the error part.
We only can simulate using.
I mean we only can do the programme
implementation using my my, my ID.
So the error pages displays an
information asking the user to go to my
ID and then probably provide the
information for the ID check.
Otherwise we have to go with the
secondary flow which is not yet defined,
right?
Yes, that's correct.
So that error page, it's not AB to C page,
right?
So it's a portal page.
So we can tell my ID that when we
redirect to my ID, if it fails,
return to portal page and from a portal
page,
then it get so we should have an some
content here.
Yeah,
to go either actually this should be
either here or come back again, right?
Come back again to this this flow.
OK,
Because if if there so there's all two
options they have, right?
So, so they,
they say they can say I for some reason I
can't have my,
I can't strengthen my digital ID to
standard.
So then I should follow a secondary
process.
So maybe I, I can't,
they have to call support, right?
But if they can,
they can go login back to their digital
ID and add additional information and
strengthen,
and they should be able to come back and
go through this process again.
Right.
So the error page design has been done by
Abby.
Is it how how it is?
No, no, no, it hasn't done by Abby.
But yeah,
so I don't think any of this stuff has.
She's done it right.
So OK.
Like future work.
Yeah.
But that's how the IT should function.
Yeah, yeah.
So what I was going to do is,
is multiple IDs for this year.
I'm just going to maybe there's one
minute left.
We'll continue the this hundred point ID
check stuff in the next session.
Yeah, sure, sure.
So I think when 100 point ID stuff is
done,
I don't think there's any more B to C
stuff to hand over.
So maybe,
maybe not another session of B to CS
handover left.
And then I've already did invites for
power copy and Qi import.
Yeah, copy is, is straightforward.
It's not that difficult,
but we'll see whether Qi import needs a
little bit more time.
OK, that's pretty much it.
I think we'll stop now for today.